fix: insert youtube link (#866)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/frameworks.mdx

 :::note 
 The compute mode isn't supported for Vue yet.
 :::

>  Watch avideo about compatibility between Azion and web frameworks through Vulcan on Azion's YouTube channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Watch a video about the compatibility between Azion and web frameworks through Vulcan on Azion's YouTube channel:
```
